I thought happiness was all about money and getting to buy whatever I wanted.
I was really into fashion.
I was always thinking about what I was going to get next and I didn't mind putting an extra
overtime to get it.
My day ended with me taking the last train home, eating, and then bed at one or two o'clock
in the morning.
This affected me mentally and physically.
I'd wake up in the middle of the night with panic attacks.
I felt so lost and confused.
Everything I'd worked for was for nothing.
My motor for shopping was when in doubt, by, I bought a lot of things, powerful motorcycles,
the house, cars.
I was totally absorbed in work and sometimes worked all night.
I somehow made it to meetings, but after they ended, I'd leave right away.
I didn't show interest in anyone, not even my wife.
All I ever talked about was work and I showed a real lack of consideration for my wife.
I was really blunt with her and there was a constant back and forth between us.
And we had a strained relationship.
We weren't happy.
We just felt stress, stress, and more stress.
Everything seemed pointless.
I realized that I hadn't been caring for myself on the inside, so I decided to read the
Bible all over again.
I was especially moved by how Jehovah repeatedly tried to help the Israelites,
despite all their failures.
This reminded me that Jehovah had been expressing his love for me all along.
I couldn't hold back my tears.
I decided that I'd live the rest of my life for him.
I adjusted my work and made the ministry the focal point in my life.
When I get to share a Bible scripture with someone and see it make an impact on them,
I feel truly happy.
I saw some brothers from the congregation playing soccer with a young boy who had just lost his father.
They were trying to comfort him by spending time with him.
When I saw them showing personal interest in someone and considering others' feelings,
it really impressed me.
And I thought, I want to use my time like that as well.
A scripture in the Bible says, there is more happiness in giving than there is in receiving.
The more I practiced it, the happier I became.
I became convinced that this really is the truth.
Now, when my wife and I spend time together,
I am better able to really understand her and have come to realize how much she means to me.
I am so thankful that Jehovah has taught me the truth.